# Data Analytics Fundamentals

This site provides documentation for this project.
Use the navigation to explore module-specific materials.

## How-To Guide

Many instructions are common to all our projects.

See
[⭐ **Workflow: Apply Example**](https://denisecase.github.io/pro-analytics-02/workflow-b-apply-example-project/)
to get these projects running on your machine.

## Project Documentation Pages (docs/)

- **Home** - this documentation landing page
- [**Project Instructions**](./project-instructions.md) - specific to this module
- [**Your Files**](./your-files.md) - how to copy the example and create your version
- [**Glossary**](./glossary.md) - project terms and concepts
- [**API**](./api.md) - autogenerated code documentation for public project interface
   Not easy to read, but useful once you get used to it.

  ##Custom Project

  ##Dataset
   The dataset used was imported from a Github site regarding mental health patient's productivity
   scores as a csv file. The dataset consisted of several columns which were minimized to two
   columns, productivity score and mental health risk.

  ##Phase 4 Modification
   The modification conducted was on the provided dataset initially adjusting the float output for the
   csv file from 2 decimal points to zero. This modification remained in place for the custom project.

  ##Custom Project
   The mental health data for productivity scores was limited to two columns, productivity score and
   mental health risk. It was imported into the raw data folder, and a separate project folder was
   created for the csv pipeline and the boilerplate pipeline.
